Observability docs refresh (#3607)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/concepts/observability-concept.md

  Observe applications through tracing, metrics, logs and health
---

> When building an application, understanding the system behavior is an important, yet challenging part of operating it, like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When building an application, understanding the system behavior is an important, yet challenging part of operating it, such as:
```

<img src="/images/observability-tracing.png" width=1000 alt="Distributed tracing with Dapr">

### Automatic tracing context generation

Dapr uses [W3C tracing]({{< ref w3c-tracing-overview >}}) specification for tracing context, included as part Open Telemetry (OTEL), to generate and propagate the context header for the application or propagate user-provided context headers. This means that you get tracing by default with Dapr.

## Observability for the Dapr sidecar and control plane

You can also observe Dapr itself, by:
- Generating logs emitted by the Dapr sidecar and the Dapr control plane services
- Collecting metrics on performance, throughput, and latency
- Using health endpoints probes to indicate the Dapr sidecar health status

<img src="/images/observability-sidecar.png" width=1000 alt="Dapr sidecar metrics, logs and health checks">

### Logging

Dapr generates [logs]({{< ref logs.md >}}) to:
- Provide visibility into sidecar operation 
- Help users identify issues and perform debugging

> Log events contain warning, error, info, and debug messages produced by Dapr system services. You can also configure Dapr to send logs to collectors, such as [Fluentd]({{< ref fluentd.md >}}), [Azure Monitor]({{< ref azure-monitor.md >}}), and other observability tools, so that logs can be searched and analyzed to provide insights.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log events contain warning, error, info, and debug messages produced by Dapr system services. You can also configure Dapr to send logs to collectors, such as Open Telemetry Collector, [Fluentd]({{< ref fluentd.md >}}), [New Relic]({{< ref newrelic.md >}}), [Azure Monitor]({{< ref azure-monitor.md >}}), and other observability tools, so that logs can be searched and analyzed to provide insights.
```
